What is the heat of this compared to the yellow and red curry?

I think that the yellow is the most mild. The green has a much deeper flavor profile than the yellow and red though.

Is there MSG in it?

No MSG in Mae Ploy curry pastes.

what are the ingredients exactly in this product? Thanks!

The ingredients are listed in the description!

How important is the expiraci&oacute;n date on this curry paste?

I never pay attention to it myself. The ingredients in the curry paste are long lasting .. but thats up to you!

The product description says 14 oz., but the picture shows the 2 lb. 3 oz. version. Which is it? Thanks.

We bought the 14oz for just under $5.

Why is the photo of the product for Red Curry, and they are selling Green Curry? Which will I get if I order this?

I ordered one of each product, the red and the green, and received one of each. Each about $5, shipped quickly and carefully packaged - no complaints here. Hope that helps

Why does this product come up first when doing a search for "organic food coloring?" I can find nothing here that says it's organic.

Also. I am looking for organic coloring....not red dye #40...So, yes this makes no sense for being organic.

What are the ingredients in the SUPER RED food coloring?

Water, sugar, may contain one or more of the following U.S. certified colors (Red 40, Red 3, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 1&2), or (Titanium Dioxide), modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid and less than 1/10 of 1% of Sodium Benzoate and a potassium Sorbate as preservatives. Hope this helps...

Can you dye eggs?

Yes

Has anyone dyed Easter eggs using these?

Never eggs, but we did cupcake icing and it was great, deep colors.

Is this a paste or liquid?

It's a gel like Wiltons cake decorating colors

Is the blue, a deep blue?

It is a deep blue, but these are gel. I found the color to be more intense, but it was much more difficult to dissolve. So, I'd keep that in mind for what you need it for. For us, the colors work better when combined with heated substance.

Would this product be strong enough to stain someone's teeth when mixed with coffee - obviously this is for a prank.

Yes, it could. Dentures also. Probably would eventually wear off with lots of brushings. It's pretty strong.

Can gel food coloring be used to color water in decorative bottles?

I would think it would work if you used warm water and shook it. Worth a try.

what size are the bottles?

Each bottle is .75 ounce. 3/4 of an ounce. That doesn't seem like a lot but believe me a little goes a long way. I am so happy I bought these. Best food coloring I have used in a long time. And I have been baking for 45 years.

Are they gluten free

The packaging does not state "gluten free". It states: Ingredients: "water, sugar. May contain one or more of the following U.S. Certified Colors [lists colors], modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid, less than 1/10 of 1% sodium benzoate (preservative) and potassium sorbate." Unless there's gluten in corn starch, I'd say it's gluten-free.

It says - Uncle Sam Cereal 12X 10 Oz Uncle Sam Cereal - so you are getting 12 boxes each weighing 10 oz.

No! It is false advertising. I got one box weighing 13 ounces.

how many boxes are you getting?

3 boxes X 10 oz

is this just one box?

It says - Uncle Sam Cereal 12X 10 Oz Uncle Sam Cereal - so you are getting 12 boxes each weighing 10 oz.

Ingredience Barly ? etc.

Roasted barley, rye, chicory, sugar beets.

What are all the ingredients - in order, with the biggest ingredient named first.

In the order they're listed, and I'm assuming the most comes first: Roasted Barley, Rye, Chicory and Sugar Beets. Made in Poland. Use as you would instant coffee to taste. My husband is happy with it. I'm just happy it has no caffeine.

What is the percentage of barley to chicory and rye in this product? I LOVE this stuff but want to know what I am drinking.

It doesn't say, but barley is the first ingredient (which means it has the most percentage).

How far out is the expiration on the jars you received? I was thinking about ordering multi pack for someone but don't want it to get old first.

Mine says Mar. 2015, and I bought it over a year ago from someone who was selling their unopened jar. I've had the 6 pack before and gave away individual jars. One jar makes for a lot of chicory, they say 100 cups. It's a nice uncaffeinated drink.

what are the carbs. per serving

The label says a serving is 1 tsp. and contains 2 grams carbs and of that less than 1 gram sugar. It seems to be the only nutrition.

are all ingredients non-GMO?

No

Is this just one bottle for $49.95?

I believe it is for 6. I love the stuff!

Is there an expiration date shown on the bottle?

On the side there is a black label "BEST BY 25/JUL/2016"

$24.95 for one bottle? It's ten bucks at Harris Teeter.

i buy it by the case but at alice in 2012 it was 4 99 and last time i ordered it on line from walmart and it was 45.32 for a case plus tax

Where is the product produced?

Bottle reads Napa CA USA

Is there actual garlic in it, or is it extract only?

According to bottle it is extract from roasted garlic

